h0=Tutorial

t0=Welcome to the tutorial! The object of the game is to establish your 40 settlements as profitable as possible.
t1=Depending on the 3 Kingdom Builder cards you gain victory points for your established settlements.
t2=The active player must place 3 of his settlements on spaces of that terrain type as shown on their terrain card. This is called the mandatory action. 
t3=Placing settlements must be done adjacent to at least one of your own existing settlements, if possible. 
t4=It does not matter if the existing settlement is built on the same terrain as your current terrain card or not. If there is at least one space of that terrain card’s terrain type adjacent to one of your own settlements, you must build on this space.
t5=If this is not the case, you may build the first settlement on any space of your current terrain card’s terrain type.  
t6=If you build next to a location tile, you take that tile and may use it during your following turns. Each tile offers a unique advantage that is explained on its summary card.
t7=I have built next to the oasis. The oasis allows me to build a settlement on a desert space during each of my subsequent turns. Of course, I have to respect the building rules. 
t8=Now it’s your turn. Place your 3 settlements. The eligible spaces are marked. 
t9=First, place a settlement next to the paddock by clicking on the marked space. The paddock allows you to move any one of your established settlements two hexes away in any direction to an eligible space. Thus, you do not introduce a new settlement, other than the oasis. 
t10=Now place your second settlement by clicking on the marked space. Please note that you must build adjacent to the established settlement now. 
t11=Place your third settlement now by clicking on the marked space. 
t12=You may use your location tiles before or after your mandatory action. I will use the oasis now before my mandatory action. 
t13=The oasis allows to build one extra settlement on a desert hex. I have no settlement yet next to a desert space so I have plenty of options.
t14=Now it’s time for my mandatory action. Because of the oasis I have a lot of options now. 
t15=Each castle a player has built next to is worth 3 victory points at the end of the game.  
t16=You may use your paddock now or after your mandatory action. As there are attractive spaces already for your mandatory action, it is better to use the paddock only after your mandatory action. 
t17=Please place your settlement on the marked space. 
t18=Place your second settlement now.
t19=At last, place your third settlement. 
t20=Now you may use the paddock in order to move one of your settlements. Activate the paddock by clicking on it. 
t21=Now pick the marked settlement to move it by clicking on it. 
t22=Move this settlement to the marked space next to the castle. This is your first settlement next to that castle and so you will gain 3 victory points for it at the end of the game. 
t23=Apart from castles you will gain victory points from the 3 Kingdom Builder cards as well. Each game features 3 randomly selected cards. 
t24=In this game there are fishermen, discoverers and hermits. Carefully read the text of the cards so you will understand how you can gain victory points.
t25=This action produced 3 victory points from the fishermen, because all 3 settlements were built next to water spaces. 
t26=Let’s make a jump to the end of the game now. 
t27=You have built all your settlements. Because I was the starting player, the game ends after your turn.
t28=However, you could still try to snatch a few more victory points by using your two paddocks or your harbor. You could separate some of your settlement areas and/or place these settlements next to a water space, so you will gain victory points both from the fishermen and the hermits. 
t29=If you think you cannot do any further improvements, you may end your turn without using all your location tiles. Simply click on the red Next arrow, top left. 
t30=Now we will add up our victory points. First, each player gains 3 victory points for each castle next to which he has built at least one settlement. 
t31=The fishermen give victory points for each settlement built next to a water space. But settlements on water itself don not.
t32=The hermits give one victory point for each separate settlement area.
t33=Finally, the discoverers give one point for each horizontal line on which there is at least one settlement. 
t34=Congratulations, you have completed the tutorial successfully. You may take a close look again to see how victory points were gained by clicking on the corresponding points.   Have fun with Kingdom Builder!
t35=In order to place the settlements more comfortably it is possible to zoom the board. There are 3 different choices. The first one is the automatic zoom. With this option the board will be zoomed to the location you tapped the screen. Tapping on a not marked space, will zoom the board back to its full size. This is the preffered setting especially for smartphones.
t36=With the second option set it is possible to zoom the board with a two finger gesture. Of course it is always possible to scroll the board around with one finger.
t37=The third possibility is to cancel all kind of zooming. This is especially useful for devices which are big enough to select the places without problems.
